You mentioned that you used to do research at night and go to bed at like 6:00
AM or 7:00 AM I still do that often? Um,
what, uh, sleep schedules have you tried to make for productive and happy life?
Like, is there, um,
is there some interesting wild sleeping patterns that you engaged that you
found that works really well for you?
I tried at some point decreasing number of hours of sleep.
Like I gradually like a half an hour, every few days less, you know,
I was hoping to just save time that clearly didn't work for me.
Like at some point there's like a phase shift and I felt tired all the time.
You know, there was a time that I used to work during the nights,
the nights think about the nights is that no one disturbs you. And, um,
even I remember when I was meeting for the first time with,
uh, Greg Brockman, his CTO and chairman of open AI,
our meeting was scheduled to 5:00 PM and overstep for the meeting.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
Overslept for the meeting. Yeah. At 5:00 PM. Yeah. Now you sound like me.
That's hilarious.
Okay. Yeah. And, uh, at that moment, in some sense, uh,
my sleeping schedule also has to do with the fact that I'm interacting with
people. I sleep without an alarm. So.
<Laugh> so yeah, the, the team thing, you mentioned extrovert thing,
because most humans operate during a certain set of hours.
You're forced to then operate at the same set of hours, but
I'm not quite there yet.
I found a lot of joy, just like you said,
working through the night because it's quiet because the world doesn't disturb
you and there's some aspect counter to everything you're saying there's some
joyful aspect to sleeping through the mess of the day because, uh,
people are having meetings and sending emails and there's drama meetings.
I can sleep through all the.
Meetings. You know,
I have meetings every day and they prevent me from having sufficient amount of
time for, uh, focus, work mm-hmm <affirmative>. And, uh,
then I modified my calendar and I said that I'm out of office Wednesday,
Thursday, and Friday every day.
And I'm having meetings only Monday and Tuesday. And that bus,
the positively influence my mood that I like at three days for fully
focused work. Yeah.
So there's better solutions to this problem than staying awake all night.